now we're finally seeing an influx of
custom gtx 680 s and locations and
influence because there's just plain not
nearly enough of them but we are finally
seeing some custom gtx 680 so custom
means custom PCBs custom coolers
non-reference design cards so this is
the galaxy geforce gtx 680 s OC so SOC
stands for presumably super overclocked
okay comes with a three-year warranty
two gigs of memory custom cooling a 4
ser bracket and it has a pretty cool
custom PCB but i'm not going to give
that away until we get in a little bit
further so look what they have to say
for themselves maximize your performance
with GPU boost so that is the gtx 680 s
ability to dynamically adjust his clock
according to the available power
thresholds ok enjoy smoother gameplay
with adaptive vertical sync which either
turns on vsync returns it ought to give
you an FPS boost when you're below the
refresh rate of your monitor and
smoother gameplay when you're above the
refresh rate of your monitor in terms of
your FPS richer visuals so you can
surround yourself with multi monitor
gaming on a single card so NVIDIA has
added that to their repertoire against
the red team which have had benefits
while they were the only ones doing it
for the longest time they've even gotten
like old 5870 1986 edition in that
system that could do 6
displays off a single card which was
totally not that useful for gaming
because it didn't have nearly the power
to drive it take control extreme tuner
plus so that is their overclocking
software very very cool all right do
more of multi display that was here ok
windows demands a real GPU this much is
true although I can't say it demands a
680 I think it'll be a while before
Windows demands a 680 I'll to the home
theater with 1080p blu-ray on HDCP
support game you need a galaxy graphics
card ok galaxy turn it all on ok well
let's go ahead and look at the card
because I think when you guys see the
card you are going to get pretty excited
about this so this
the GTX 680 is the cream of the cream
for NVIDIA attention customers thank you
thank you thank you for buying it and
don't forget to register your card it is
their highest performing single GPU card
probably their highest ball okay their
highest performing single GPU card and
it is really really really really really
fast all the latest features all that
good stuff HDMI to DVI adapter mini what
mini HDMI to HDMI adapter okay to duel
me lacks two six eight pin power
connectors okay I haven't actually like
looked at this card that quickly other
than like what I think is cool about it
so okay be sure to visit bobble bla to
get the latest extreme tuner this is
great okay here's a disc but be sure to
visit the website download the latest
thank you galaxy you have done it
correctly sirs and Madam's because that
is exactly how we roll here on tech tip
here's the CD oh yeah look at that
custom white PCB which would go really
well with a black and white bean system
or in just any system I tweeted a
picture on my Twitter account of the
Russian showing off one of these
galaxies super overclocked cards in a
Vesta g2 system it looked absolutely
ballin out with the green lighting
effects on the back of the card that
looks so good just admiring it what this
means
that's Hall of Fame on the back of the
card I mean I can understand this being
a Hall of Fame I mean just look at it
but I don't know why they had to label
it as such okay so on the back of the
card we can see very clearly this is a
custom PCB it is a very very very custom
and is much longer than the standard gtx
680 PCB it also has dual 6 PR 8 pin
power connectors so it is designed
presumably with beefier vrm and you can
even see that there's a lot more built
onto the card then the stock card it
also has a much more substantial cooler
so this is triple
ninety-two millimeter cooling fans on an
impressive I mean this thing is really
heavy this is a heavy card on an
impressive copper with five heat pipes
and then aluminum fin array that goes
the entire length of the card and then
some so you can see here where all the
heat pipes are running - this is uh oh
okay so this is a plastic or than if
it's a plastic shroud but here we go
so the GPU is right about there right in
between these two fans these fans are
covering almost the entire surface area
of the card as well
blowing down not only on the GPU in the
memory itself but also on the other
components so the memories covered in
heat spreader and you can see where
these heat pipes are heading off to so a
couple of them go pretty close and then
the farthest out one carries heat over
here the next farthest out one carries
heat here and the furthest out one on
this side carries heat right to the end
there so if we look at the positioning
of the heat pipes and the fans each fan
is blowing down directly onto fins that
are right near heat pipes so we should
have heat being directly delivered it's
too bad they weren't able to put in one
more heat pipe right here but I guess
you can't really ask for too much in
terms of outputs oh this is interesting
okay so we've got DisplayPort and three
mini HDMI that is a very strange output
configuration I wonder why they did that
um okay well I guess I'd probably opt
for a DisplayPort out of the three
just because mini HDMI is not not the
best thing in the world for outputting
at 120 Hertz at 1080p for 3d so hold on
just a minute guys
well galaxy does whatever they please
when it comes to outputs it turns out I
mean they're MDT cards from the last
generation we're a great example of that
where they were like oh and video says
we can only do two displays at a time
well we can do three haha so there you
go they've gone with DisplayPort and
three mini HDMI connections you've also
got an open sort of second PCI bracket
so what that means is this is very much
an internal airflow card so you're gonna
exhaust a little bit out the back of the
case but you better make sure you have a
case with good airflow which I hope if
you're buying a GTX 680
sort of figured out now of no is the
fact that okay so two things I've note
is the fact that you see how easy it is
to access the screws that hold these
fans on can you see that that's really
cool take out three screws pop the fan
off you can easily clean out your
graphics card get all the dust out of it
completely having removed the fans from
it and I think that's a very cool
feature and the second thing of note
other than the fact that it has PCI
Express 3.0 and two sli fingers for up
to three or four-way configurations is
the fact that this has the widest PCB
that I have yet seen I have seen
products with white PCBs in the past
such as sapphires pure motherboard back
on a 690 G chipset for AMD this is much
whiter this is like white white as
opposed to like yellow white so an
example of a build that this would look
absolutely fantastic in is one like this
where the inner guts are predominantly
black and white so I would love to
replace the Radeon graphics card in here
with a suitably white the GeForce
graphics card so check this out see
white and black theme you go ahead you
throw one of these in there how beast
would that look would barely even fit to
even though this is an arc media this is
a long graphics card you know what I
think I have a tape measure here yeah
let's measure how long it is because
this must be close to the 12 inches
alright so from the back of the there so
11 and 1/2 inches so make sure you have
a case that is capable of housing an 11
and a half inch graphics card before you
go ahead and install one of these so
thank you for checking out my unboxing
and first look at the galaxy geforce gtx
680 SOC don't forget to subscribe to
Linus tech tips from our boxing's
reviews about the computer video